# Configuration Smells in Continuous Delivery Pipelines: A Linter and A Six-Month Study on GitLab (Replication Package)

## DATASETS (datasets.zip)

**Warning** Direct links to the opened issues are omitted according to the double-blind policy. Furthermore, we discourage people browsing issues on GitLab projects that might reveal the author identities.

- `analyzedprojects.csv`: all starred Gitlab projects that are no forks.
- `dataset.csv`: all projects (from previous set) that have a .gitlab.yml file.
- `rq1-comment-sorting/`: this folder contains all the material related to the card sorting performed on the received comments. The found labels (`card-sorting-labels.csv`) and how the two coders agreed (`card-sorting-agreement.csv`). This folder also contains a summary of the reasons for rejection.
- `rq1-cdsmells.csv`: info about the opened issues and the corresponding reactions/fixes. 
- `rq2-precision.csv`: the results of the manual inspection of issues to compute the precision.
- `rq2-recall/`: this folder contains the selected sample of projects (`recall-sample.csv`) and the results of the recall analysis (`recall-results.csv`).
- `rq3-analysis/`: it contains all the files to compute the RQ3 and a summary of RQ3 results.
    - `rq3-results.csv`: the list of all anti-patterns having "dataset.csv" projects as input.
    - `dataset_yml-update.csv`: "dataset.csv" projects with info about the .gitlab-ci.yml lenght and their (updated) existence on GitLab.
- `tools-to-exclude-fuzzyversion.txt`: the list of the tools excluded from fuzzy-version detection.
- `good_bad_cd-practices.csv`: all the good and bad practices that we collected from the Foundations part of Humble's book.


## SCRIPTS (scripts.zip)

Note: please install all the required dependencies.

- `study-results.py`: this script analyzes and computes the results of the research questions.
- `likert-scaled-reactions.R`: this script is used to compute Figure 4 (`reactions.csv` that is generated by "study-results.py" must be passed as input file).


## CD-Linter Implementation (cd-linter-code.zip)

It contains the source code of our linter (all packages have been anonymized).
